all righty this here is Cathy's 1999 on
the accent
got a horse down there it's got good
really good gas mileage and
the doors lock they have to go around
the other side there's George 1978 Ford
f250 three-speed automatic in that
locked up - extant what the 1999 on the
accident alright look at that I just
can't see - she's gonna drive her in
this car has no AC in it
now she's down the second year
everything going
is it working
I know about this one though
temperature games I don't think it's
yeah I don't think then she should be
cold right now
couch tenant
you know no more
it looks like a genome car to me it
looks like a juniper
I don't know if it's the last year they
made this car it's 2001 I think they
start making this car from 1997
looks like we got a Bardis of following
us
he's gettin he's come
little turn turn right Cindy out of his
way he's following it oh no not you
they would like to see that
he's got a foreign like dislike that
except it's green
I want to be surprised that that would
be him follow
we drove all the way here
he's gone now so that's good
Oh
err Oh easy tiger
and when I come back for Christmas and
maybe I might ask you how's your driving
experience and they might give a lot
better than it used to be my bad driver
now you're working on your shifting
this is Cathy's first school year
driving a stick shift on my senior year
to now I went down FAFSA bill here
we are almost there
but we're at food for Less but we gotta
find a place to park this baby so we
know where to find ya
all right don't forget